walk on the punch treatments here it's
the 50% off and I feel like the I mean
you're a host huggy throw cleaning you
today Real Steel gameplay walkthrough
part 1 now today we got start off with
saw unleash nut world stage 1 Real Steel
is an old game and you know I really
like this game I recently bought it and
it's really big thing got my friends
into it and yeah guys should try now
it's even like soft points it's really
old but yeah if you get your funds into
its really fun game too so we all right
five six and seven
I'm saying hey
all right now
it's amazing that one punch can I get
stopped hotdog Jews I am the sole ovary
right now
very nice pipe into opened up I don't
know why
this
II know
said are you going to the tone I maybe
you don't know what the rules are in
this game you create your own to go by
you know they must at some kind of LP
Klingon go blah blah blah blah
you fight eat first wanted to get down
to 10 you know Lizzy's anyway on control
the Commodore concept behind the hash
for action
I don't know else what was that push
this is how we do
ah six
all right well I guess stay down
5900 talkin and we're not doing well too
five
have another problem this company's been
like I always tell my time I think and
he's going in alright alright
it's a slinky to my right and I'm
Bluetooth to play with it pillow on the
you know recording so I can't ask you
this recording I'm going to place my
slinky cuz i like Sankey's so there is
my birthday
while go 3:16 like three days ago
well if you're watching it today or
something like that I don't know I'm
don't listen phone was cool
um so I got a lot of I ain't gonna get
lost stuff boy I can't complain
definitely when I got with a new HD PVR
that's why I'm doing this and it's gonna
be HD install oh okay um so why not see
I'm leasing Metro isn't the boss of on
the old one I meant to plate but
whatever yeah you're watching I mean
which one took me like one shot it's not
talking right three times so yeah
there's really not much the difference
between as far he's just much much
faster that Joe is powerful if you're
starting off in the actually plays to
him but if you're like me and he's going
back to know me
like a couple punches are taking down a
lot faster at this day only sending the
matter to you anymore here on my stage 2
to 3 see the problem with this game is
that you can be a god at similar and you
can suck and multiply it because
multiplayer everyone has over like 7,000
attack or whatever and it's just
ridiculous you get raped in the face
once not even one - let's check out the
Queen
all right
six
seven eight nine ten
all right we have time for one more
notch lescant slaughter by oxen
all right so not even gonna care then go
for it
I don't need to prepare your parents are
always that no joking our fathers right
now
shoosh Andy I can't listen no I really
can't listen
why you plot that outlook I gonna find
manatees understand
also I got them down one down no robot
and singleplayer now you can strap ACOs
down one 120 feet down like when you get
when you go down no singleplayer you
robot will actually stay down the first
time it exactly the second and third
time is really very powerful it's like
this I'm gonna assume that's going down
gonna stay down hopefully
please stay down who's me right well
games totally wants to choose along and
he's getting rock off on anything but so
yeah hey you guys
No okay he wants to get up in the boys
time and take one punch one will have a
boss like that too
I still find cake pieces
I'll lay these down whoa guys that walk
see what real steel placing number one
I'll see you guys next time and just
remember opinions usually do die
gracefully thanks for watching